readme.md, before:

# TensorFlow Inference Serving with Docker and S3

The resulting container image from this experiment is consumed by <https://github.com/mylesagray/anpr-knative>.

The Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) model this container is packaged with is based on <https://github.com/mylesagray/tensorflow-anpr>.
## Pulling models and configs directly from S3 at runtime (slow startup, but dynamic)

### Export Amazon Creds

```sh
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

### Edit and Upload `configs/` and `models/` dir to your S3 bucket

Edit `models.config` to point to your bucket:

```sh
model_config_list {
  config {
    name: 'half_plus_two'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/half_plus_two/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  },
  config {
    name: 'resnet'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/resnet/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  },
  config {
    name: 'anpr'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/anpr/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  }
}
```

Upload the `configs/` and `models/` dirs to the S3 bucket.

### Config container to pull config and model from S3 and run container

```sh
docker run \
    -p 8500:8500 \
    -p 8501:8501 \
    -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID} \
    -e AWS_REGION=${REGION} \
    -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY} \
    -e S3_ENDPOINT=$S3_URL \
    harbor-repo.vmware.com/dockerhub-proxy-cache/tensorflow/serving \
    --model_config_file=s3://${BUCKETNAME}/${FOLDER/FILE_PATH}
```

Example:

```sh
docker run \
    -p 8500:8500 \
    -p 8501:8501 \
    -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID} \
    -e AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 \
    -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY} \
    -e S3_ENDPOINT=s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com \
    harbor-repo.vmware.com/dockerhub-proxy-cache/tensorflow/serving \
    --model_config_file=s3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/configs/models.config \
    --monitoring_config_file=s3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/configs/monitoring_config.txt
```

### Test the container is pulling the model and inference works

You can check the status of the model pull from S3 by checking the container logs with `docker logs -f <container-id>`.
#### Half plus two

```sh
# Send three values to the model and get it to half them and add two
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [1.0, 2.0, 5.0]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/half_plus_two:predict | jq 
```

#### Resnet

Cat:

```sh
# Encode the cat image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cat.jpg| base64)
# Query the inference server with the cat image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/resnet:predict | jq '.predictions[0].classes'

# If the output is `286` then we've been successful in mapping the image as a cat: https://gist.github.com/yrevar/942d3a0ac09ec9e5eb3a
```

Dog:

```sh
# Encode the dog image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/dog.jpg| base64)
# Query the inference server with the cat image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/resnet:predict | jq '.predictions[0].classes'

# If the output is `209` then we've been successful in mapping the image as a golden retriever: https://gist.github.com/yrevar/942d3a0ac09ec9e5eb3a
```

#### ANPR

Car with plate:

```sh
# Encode the car image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cars/car.png| base64)

# Query the inference server with the car image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/anpr:predict | jq '.predictions[0].detection_classes'

#This will ouput the raw TensorFlow model output and it needs a little post-processing to line up the labels with the predictions, I wrote a small CLI to do that:
$ python client/app/predict_images_client.py -s http://localhost:8501/v1/models/anpr:predict -i test/cars/ -l test/classes.pbtxt
    Found plate:  35nn72
    Found plate:  6y0m172
```

## Build dedicated docker container with baked-in ANPR image (fast start, but static)

```sh
docker build . -t harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving:latest -t anpr-serving:latest

$ docker image list
REPOSITORY                                       TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
anpr-serving                                     latest    be31f92cad50   2 minutes ago    599MB
harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving   latest    be31f92cad50   2 minutes ago    599MB
```

Push:

```sh
docker push harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving
```

Run:

```sh
docker run -d -p 8500:8500 -p 8501:8501 anpr-serving \
  --model_config_file=/configs/models-local.config \
  --monitoring_config_file=/configs/monitoring_config.txt
```

### Run on KNative

```sh
$ kn service create tf-inference-server -n default --autoscale-window 300s \
  --request "memory=2Gi" \
  -p 8501 --image harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving \
  --arg --model_config_file=/configs/models-local.config \
  --arg --monitoring_config_file=/configs/monitoring_config.txt

Creating service 'tf-inference-server' in namespace 'default':

 55.580s Configuration "tf-inference-server" is waiting for a Revision to become ready.
 55.672s Ingress has not yet been reconciled.
 55.757s Waiting for Envoys to receive Endpoints data.
 55.971s Waiting for load balancer to be ready
 56.207s Ready to serve.

Service 'tf-inference-server' created to latest revision 'tf-inference-server-00001' is available at URL:
http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io
```

#### ANPR Test

Car with plate:

```sh
# Encode the car image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cars/car.png| base64)

# Query the inference server with the car image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io/v1/models/anpr:predict | jq '.predictions[0].detection_classes'

#This will ouput the raw TensorFlow model output and it needs a little post-processing to line up the labels with the predictions, I wrote a small CLI to do that:
$ python client/app/predict_images_client.py -s http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io/v1/models/anpr:predict -i test/cars/ -l test/classes.pbtxt
    Found plate:  35nn72
    Found plate:  6y0m172
```

Commit message:

Added instructions for building custom TF Serving container with AVX and SSE instructions enabled

readme.md, after:

# TensorFlow Inference Serving with Docker and S3

The resulting container image from this experiment is consumed by <https://github.com/mylesagray/anpr-knative>.

The Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) model this container is packaged with is based on <https://github.com/mylesagray/tensorflow-anpr>.
## Pulling models and configs directly from S3 at runtime (slow startup, but dynamic)

### Export Amazon Creds

```sh
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

### Edit and Upload `configs/` and `models/` dir to your S3 bucket

Edit `models.config` to point to your bucket:

```sh
model_config_list {
  config {
    name: 'half_plus_two'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/half_plus_two/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  },
  config {
    name: 'resnet'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/resnet/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  },
  config {
    name: 'anpr'
    base_path: 's3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/models/anpr/'
      model_platform: "tensorflow"
  }
}
```

Upload the `configs/` and `models/` dirs to the S3 bucket.

### Config container to pull config and model from S3 and run container

```sh
docker run \
    -p 8500:8500 \
    -p 8501:8501 \
    -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID} \
    -e AWS_REGION=${REGION} \
    -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY} \
    -e S3_ENDPOINT=$S3_URL \
    harbor-repo.vmware.com/dockerhub-proxy-cache/tensorflow/serving \
    --model_config_file=s3://${BUCKETNAME}/${FOLDER/FILE_PATH}
```

Example:

```sh
docker run \
    -p 8500:8500 \
    -p 8501:8501 \
    -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID} \
    -e AWS_REGION=eu-west-1 \
    -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY} \
    -e S3_ENDPOINT=s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com \
    harbor-repo.vmware.com/dockerhub-proxy-cache/tensorflow/serving \
    --model_config_file=s3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/configs/models.config \
    --monitoring_config_file=s3://cnr-knative-tfserving-models/configs/monitoring_config.txt
```

### Test the container is pulling the model and inference works

You can check the status of the model pull from S3 by checking the container logs with `docker logs -f <container-id>`.
#### Half plus two

```sh
# Send three values to the model and get it to half them and add two
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [1.0, 2.0, 5.0]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/half_plus_two:predict | jq 
```

#### Resnet

Cat:

```sh
# Encode the cat image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cat.jpg| base64)
# Query the inference server with the cat image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/resnet:predict | jq '.predictions[0].classes'

# If the output is `286` then we've been successful in mapping the image as a cat: https://gist.github.com/yrevar/942d3a0ac09ec9e5eb3a
```

Dog:

```sh
# Encode the dog image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/dog.jpg| base64)
# Query the inference server with the cat image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/resnet:predict | jq '.predictions[0].classes'

# If the output is `209` then we've been successful in mapping the image as a golden retriever: https://gist.github.com/yrevar/942d3a0ac09ec9e5eb3a
```

#### ANPR

Car with plate:

```sh
# Encode the car image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cars/car.png| base64)

# Query the inference server with the car image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://localhost:8501/v1/models/anpr:predict | jq '.predictions[0].detection_classes'

#This will ouput the raw TensorFlow model output and it needs a little post-processing to line up the labels with the predictions, I wrote a small CLI to do that:
$ python client/app/predict_images_client.py -s http://localhost:8501/v1/models/anpr:predict -i test/cars/ -l test/classes.pbtxt
    Found plate:  35nn72
    Found plate:  6y0m172
```

## Build dedicated docker container with baked-in ANPR image (fast start, but static)

```sh
docker build . -t harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving:latest quay.io/mylesagray/anpr-serving:latest -t anpr-serving:latest

$ docker image list
REPOSITORY                                       TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
anpr-serving                                     latest    be31f92cad50   2 minutes ago    599MB
harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving   latest    be31f92cad50   2 minutes ago    599MB
```

Push:

```sh
docker push harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving
docker push quay.io/mylesagray/anpr-serving
```

Run:

```sh
docker run -d -p 8500:8500 -p 8501:8501 \
  --env TF_CPP_VMODULE=http_server=3,prediction_service_impl=3 \
  anpr-serving \
  --model_config_file=/configs/models-local.config \
  --monitoring_config_file=/configs/monitoring_config.txt \
  --rest_api_timeout_in_ms=0 \
  --tensorflow_intra_op_parallelism=4 \
  --tensorflow_inter_op_parallelism=4
```

### Run on KNative

```sh
$ kn service create tf-inference-server -n default --autoscale-window 300s \
  --request "memory=2Gi" \
  -p 8501 --image harbor-repo.vmware.com/vspheretmm/anpr-serving \
  --arg --model_config_file=/configs/models-local.config \
  --arg --monitoring_config_file=/configs/monitoring_config.txt

Creating service 'tf-inference-server' in namespace 'default':

 55.580s Configuration "tf-inference-server" is waiting for a Revision to become ready.
 55.672s Ingress has not yet been reconciled.
 55.757s Waiting for Envoys to receive Endpoints data.
 55.971s Waiting for load balancer to be ready
 56.207s Ready to serve.

Service 'tf-inference-server' created to latest revision 'tf-inference-server-00001' is available at URL:
http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io
```

#### ANPR Test

Car with plate:

```sh
# Encode the car image in base64 for the model
INPUT_IMG=$(cat test/cars/car.png| base64)

# Query the inference server with the car image and see what it predicts
curl -s -X POST -d '{"instances": [{"b64": "'$(echo $INPUT_IMG)'"}]}' http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io/v1/models/anpr:predict | jq '.predictions[0].detection_classes'

#This will ouput the raw TensorFlow model output and it needs a little post-processing to line up the labels with the predictions, I wrote a small CLI to do that:
$ python client/app/predict_images_client.py -s http://tf-inference-server.default.10.198.53.135.sslip.io/v1/models/anpr:predict -i test/cars/ -l test/classes.pbtxt
    Found plate:  35nn72
    Found plate:  6y0m172
```

## (Optional) Build TF Serving from scratch including AVX2 and SSE instruction sets

To get a little more performance when running on CPU you can optionally compile and build the tensorflow serving container to include instructions sets that are usually left out for compatibility reasons.

This is a very resource intensive operation and takes upwards of an hour (ensure your Docker instance has an adequate amount of resource allocated for the build to actually complete - it will fail with a jvm error if it doesn't - mine has 8x CPUs and 14GB RAM allocated).

```sh
./build-tf-serving.sh mylesagray r1.15-cpu-opt r1.15
```

The command will clone the `r1.15` branch of tensorflow serving into the parent repo, build the devel container and then build a serving container based on that - everything is compiled with the following options:

```sh
TF_SERVING_BUILD_OPTIONS="--copt=-mavx --copt=-mavx2 --copt=-mfma --copt=-msse4.1 --copt=-msse4.2"
```

The final output is a tensorflow serving container with all CPU optimisations in place and the ANPR model included.
